[Docs] Update documentation for batched iamax (#3144)
kokkos/kokkos-kernels: docs/source/API/batched/dense/batched_iamax.rst

      KOKKOS_INLINE_FUNCTION static typename XViewType::size_type invoke(const XViewType &x);
    };

    template <typename MemberType>
    struct TeamIamax {
      template <typename XViewType>
      KOKKOS_INLINE_FUNCTION static typename XViewType::size_type invoke(const MemberType &member, const XViewType &x);
    };

    template <typename MemberType>
    struct TeamVectorIamax {
      template <typename XViewType>
      KOKKOS_INLINE_FUNCTION static typename XViewType::size_type invoke(const MemberType &member, const XViewType &x);
    };

Finds the index of the first element of :math:`x` having maximum absolute value. As well as Blas, this returns 0 for an empty vector.

1. For a real vector :math:`x`, this operation is equivalent to the BLAS routine `ISAMAX <https://www.netlib.org/blas/isamax.f>`_ or `IDAMAX <https://www.netlib.org/blas/idamax.f>`_ for single or double precision.

> 2. For a complex vector :math:`x`, this operation is equivalent to the BLAS routine `ICAMAX <https://www.netlib.org/blas/icamax.f>`_ or `IZAMAX <https://www.netlib.org/blas/izamax.f>`_ for single or double precision.

Reviewer: We usually use numbered lists to indicate different overload behaviors so it would be less confusing to use something else than a numbered list here.
```suggestion
- For a real vector :math:`x`, this operation is equivalent to the BLAS routine `ISAMAX <https://www.netlib.org/blas/isamax.f>`_ or `IDAMAX <https://www.netlib.org/blas/idamax.f>`_ for single or double precision.
- For a complex vector :math:`x`, this operation is equivalent to the BLAS routine `ICAMAX <https://www.netlib.org/blas/icamax.f>`_ or `IZAMAX <https://www.netlib.org/blas/izamax.f>`_ for single or double precision.
```

Author: Sure
Updated accordingly
